product_supplierinfo_revision/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=============================
Product Supplierinfo Revision
=============================

This module allows create revisions of supplier info prices.


Usage
=====

To use this module:

#. If you are a purchase manager, and you have checked "Manage Vendor Price"
   in the technical settings of your user, go to *Purchases > Purchase >
   Supplier Pricelist* and select one or more supplier pricelist.
#. Click on Action button and execute the wizard **Duplicate Supplier Info**.
#. Enter date start from which new price will be valid. You can enter date
   end and percent to increase old supplier pricelist.
#. By clicking on Apply button, a new supplier pricelist will be created with
   a price increased accordingly to the percent entered. Old supplier
   pricelist will have a date end from which pricelist will be out of date.
#. You can check supplier pricelists as well as variation percent in the
   product form, by clicking on *Purchase* tab.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/11.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Carlos Dauden <carlos.dauden@tecnativa.com>
* Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[MIG]backport product_supplierinfo_revision from 11.0 to 10.0

product_supplierinfo_revision/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=============================
Product Supplierinfo Revision
=============================

This module allows to create revisions of supplier info prices.

Configuration
=============
#. Install Purchase module.
#. Check *Purchase > Settings > Vendor Price* : "Allow using and importing
   vendor pricelists", this will create the *Purchases > Purchase >
   Supplier Pricelist* menu.

Usage
=====

To use this module:

#. If you are a purchase manager, and you have checked "Manage Vendor Price"
   in the technical settings of your user, go to *Purchases > Purchase >
   Supplier Pricelist* and select one or more supplier pricelist.
#. Click on Action button and execute the wizard **Duplicate Supplier Info**.
#. Enter date start from which new price will be valid. You can enter date
   end and percent to increase old supplier pricelist.
#. By clicking on Apply button, a new supplier pricelist will be created with
   a price increased accordingly to the percent entered. Old supplier
   pricelist will have a date end from which pricelist will be out of date.
#. Once the Inventory Management module (stock) is installed, you can check
   product form, by clicking on *Purchase* tab.
   supplier pricelists as well as variation percent in the product form, by
   clicking on *Inventory* tab.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/11.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Carlos Dauden <carlos.dauden@tecnativa.com>
* Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
